{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red27\green31\blue34;\red244\green246\blue249;\red38\green38\blue38;
\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c14118\c16078\c18039;\cssrgb\c96471\c97255\c98039;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;
\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
# social_network_p
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Project 5 - Social Network\
ID: 20396134\
\
This application was made as a mean to explore object oriented programming, use sorting algorithms, and use files. The program was at first very fun to code. Towards the end of the program the problems seem to be weird. At one point the program was deleting my entire csv file. I was able to fix this by using the \'91a\'92 or appending writing mode. The only other problem that I encountered was a logging in bug that I was unable to successfully debug. I tested my code on python tutor and it was correct, the outcome online was as I expected it to be but my programming on off-line although completely the same, was not letting me log in. It was the weirdest bug because this part of the program had been working all throughout until my last bit of testing. I hope to return to this program and improve upon it and hopefully resolve this perplexing puzzle of a bug.\
\
Resources\
https://docs.python.org/2/library/csv.html\
https://docs.python.org/3/library/csv.html}